[doc] Update argument pack docs (#8279)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/advanced/argument_pack.md

Once argument packs are created and initialized, they can be easily used as kernel parameters. Simply pass them to the kernel, and Taichi will intelligently cache them (if their values remain unchanged) across multiple kernel calls, optimizing performance.

```python cont
@ti.kernel
def p(view_params: view_params_tmpl) -> ti.f32:
    return view_params.far

print(p(view_params))  # 1.0
```

## How does it Work

### Caching parameter values

> Argument packs could cache parameters in device buffer, which significantly enhancing the performance of kernels when called multiple times with the same parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The utilization of argument packs allows for efficient parameter caching in the device buffer, resulting in notable performance improvements for kernels that are invoked multiple times using identical parameters.
```

By chargpt~

> - Without argument packs, parameter values are copied to device memory each time, resulting in time overhead due to memory copying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the absence of argument packs, parameter values are copied to device memory every time, leading to additional time overhead caused by the memory copying process.
```

  ![Copying Operations Performed Without ArgPacks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/taichi-dev/public_files/master/taichi/doc/without_argpack_memory_copying.svg)

> - With argument packs, parameter values can be cached in the device buffer, which eliminates the need for repetitive and resource-intensive memory copying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By employing argument packs, parameter values can be stored and cached directly in the device buffer, eliminating the need for redundant and resource-consuming memory copying operations.
```

To enable nested argpacks, the parent argpack creates a pointer to the argpack buffer of the nested argpack. During code generation, a recursive process is implemented to load argpack buffers from parent argpacks to child argpacks.

For example, consider that we want to load a value in `Value #3.1`. We first load Arguments Buffer, then load the pointer to argpack #1. Then we load pointer to argpack #3 inside argpack buffer #1. Finally we load value #3.1 in argpack buffer #3.

![Load Value 3.1 in Nested ArgPacks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/taichi-dev/public_files/master/taichi/doc/argpack_nesting_structure.svg)

Value #3.1 is a struct value containing a child struct and an integer. The child struct contains an integer and a float. Consider that we'd like to load this float value. This diagram illustrates the steps to load this float. It also explains `arg_id` and `arg_depth` in detail.

![Load Float Value in Value 3.1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/taichi-dev/public_files/master/taichi/doc/argload_stmt_for_argpack_nesting.svg)

### Buffer Values in Argpack

:::note

> This subsection covers implementation details regarding argpack. Taichi users can safely skip reading it as it does not pertain to their usage or requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This subsection delves into implementation specifics related to argpack, which may not be relevant or necessary for Taichi users to understand or utilize in their own workflows. Therefore, Taichi users can safely skip reading this section as it does not directly impact their usage or requirements.
```

:::

> In its implementation, argpack is designed to store only constant values, such as primitive types, matrices, and dataclasses, directly in its buffer. However, for resource types that require more complex handling like Ndarrays, external arrays, sparse matrices and textures, argpack takes a different approach. Rather than storing these resources directly in the argpack buffer, argpack temporarily holds them within the Python `ArgPack` class. It then passes the pointers to these resources to the kernel by storing the pointers in the argument buffer during kernel launching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In its implementation, an argpack is specifically designed to store constant values like primitive types, matrices, and dataclasses directly within its buffer. However, for resource types that require more intricate handling, such as Ndarrays, external arrays, sparse matrices, and textures, argpack employs a different approach. Instead of storing these resources directly in the argpack buffer, it temporarily holds them within the Python `ArgPack` class. During kernel launching, argpack passes the pointers to these resources by storing them in the argument buffer.
```

## Limitations

> Argpacks are primarily designed as a parameter cache, which naturally impose certain limitations on their usage:
> 
> - Argpacks can only be used as kernel parameters
> - Argpacks cannot be used as return types
> - Argpacks cannot be nested in Compound Types, but can be nested in other argpacks
> - Currently, some types in argpacks are read-only in kernels, but their value can be changed outside kernels.
>   - Constant Values: Primitive types, matrices and dataclasses (structs). These types are passed by **values**, thus read-only in kernels
>   - Resources: Ndarrays, external arrays, sparse matrices and textures. These types are passed by **pointers to buffers**, thus both readable and writeable in kernels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argpacks are primarily designed to serve as a parameter cache, which naturally introduces certain limitations on their usage:

- Argpacks can only be used as kernel parameters.
- Argpacks cannot be used as return types.
- While argpacks can be nested within other argpacks, they cannot be nested within Compound Types.
- Presently, certain types within argpacks are read-only when used in kernels, but their values can be modified outside of kernels.
  - Constant Values: These include primitive types, matrices, and dataclasses (structs). They are passed by value, making them read-only in kernels.
  - Resources: This category encompasses Ndarrays, external arrays, sparse matrices, and textures. They are passed by pointers to buffers, allowing both reading and writing operations in kernels.
```
